Now on this settings page I showed you
in the previous lecture,
there are more settings that are worth a closer look.
For example, you can check whether GitHub Actions
should be able to automatically create or approve
poll requests.
Now, the danger with allowing GitHub Actions
and their workflows to do that,
is that of course you could accidentally
approve a poll request,
if you have a bug in your Workflow code for example,
that shouldn't have been approved.
So you might want to disable this
so that these are things only humans can do.
But if you have a highly automated Repository
and your confident that your Workflow instructions
work as intended,
you could also allow your GitHub Actions
to create or approve poll requests
and then add workflows that do exactly that,
that they do for example,
automatically approve and merge a poll request.
Now other things you can do regarding poll requests
is that you can control whether poll requests
coming from Forex should require approval
for first time contributors who are new on GitHub,
so who have no history on GitHub
or for all outside collaborators,
so that you always need approval.
And I did talk about this early in the course already.
The problem with poll requests from forked repositories
is that anyone can fork public repositories
and anyone can then change that code
in that forked Repository
and open poll requests with your Repository.
And those poll requests could contain malicious code
and they offer, if your workflows ran automatically
they might do something with that malicious code.
Or maybe the Workflow itself was changed in a malicious way.
That's why it's not executing automatically
but requires approval instead.
And you can choose how restrictive you want to be
and which kind of workflows
do need approval first before they execute.
Last but not least, you can also control
which kind of actions can be used
in the workflows of that Repository.
And that's of course related
to the idea of Using Actions Securely.
You could for example, choose that you only allow the usage
of actions that are part of this user's account,
so that work created by you
or are stored in some Repository of that account.
For example, you could also disable actions altogether
so that you don't even have access to this actions feature
and you can't even add workflows at all,
or you allow all actions and reusable workflows.
Then you should do your due diligence
as discussed before though.
But of course, this does give you the opportunity
of tapping into this huge amount
of useful actions that exist out there.
But you could be more restrictive if you wanted to.
So that's definitely all the settings page
worth taking a look at.
And with that, we now had a look
at a couple of key aspects you should be aware of,
when it comes to securely running your workflows.